Parameterize metric/label name validation scheme (#11848)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Grafana Mimir

> * [CHANGE] Query-frontend: Add support for utf8 label/metric names in `/api/v1/cardinality/{label_values|label_values|active_series}` endpoints. #11848.
> * [CHANGE] Querier: Add support for utf8 metric names, support utf8 label names in `label_join`, `label_replace` and `count_values` PromQL functions. #11848.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Query-frontend: Add support for UTF-8 metric and label names in `/api/v1/cardinality/{label_values|label_values|active_series}` endpoints. #11848.
* [CHANGE] Querier: Add support for UTF-8 metric and label names in `label_join`, `label_replace`, and `count_values` PromQL functions. #11848.
```
